Announce OpenTelemetry Technical Committee Election Results (#7945)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2025/announce-tc-election.md

Author: Linked.

---
title: Announcing OpenTelemetry Technical Committee Election Results

> linkTitle: Technical Committee Election

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Technical Committee Election Results
```

date: 2025-09-30
author: OpenTelemetry Technical Committee

> draft: true # TODO: remove this line once your post is ready to be published

Author: Done.

---

> ## Announcing New OpenTelemetry Technical Committee Members

Author: Do you suggest to remove the heading?

> ## Announcing New OpenTelemetry Technical Committee Members

Author: Removed.

> The OpenTelemetry Technical Committee is delighted to announce two new elected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry [Technical Committee](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-members.md) (TC) is delighted to announce two new elected
```

Reviewer 2: if we want to incorporate that link as suggested by @chalin

> The OpenTelemetry Technical Committee is delighted to announce 2 new elected

Author: Done.

members! Please join us in congratulating
[David Ashpole](https://github.com/dashpole) and
[Josh MacDonald](https://github.com/jmacd)!

> Both David and Josh are long-time OpenTelemetry contributors and specification
> sponsors ( and it is Josh's second stint as a Technical Committee member!).
> David is bringing his experience with metrics and with Kubernetes (where he is
> also a major contributor) and Prometheus, while Josh has been driving OTel
> Arrow, trace sampling and other OpenTelemetry projects recently.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both David and Josh are long-time OpenTelemetry contributors and specification
sponsors.
David is bringing his experience with metrics, Prometheus, and Kubernetes, where he is
also a major contributor. Josh has been driving OTel
Arrow, trace sampling, and other OpenTelemetry projects. This is also Josh's second stint as a Technical Committee member!
```

The Technical Committee and Governance Committee used these elections as an
opportunity to refine the election process. We have looked at the current gaps
we have at OpenTelemetry and identified a number of candidates that can help us

> fill those gaps. The Technical Committee then voted and elected 2 new members.

Author: Done.

We are very happy that David and Josh will be joining the Technical Committee to

> help us advance the project further.

Author: Done.

---
title: Announcing OpenTelemetry Technical Committee Election Results
linkTitle: Technical Committee Election Results
date: 2025-10-01
author: OpenTelemetry Technical Committee
cSpell:ignore: Ashpole
---

## Announcing new OpenTelemetry Technical Committee members

The OpenTelemetry

> [Technical Committee](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-members.md)

Author: Fixed.
